Look at her. Just fucking look at her, chatting to my beloved Sean as if I’m invisible, standing here right next to him, bagging our groceries. Hello? Can you see me?

So fucking disrespectful. I literally can’t stand women who flirt with your man right in front of you. She totally deserves what’s coming to her. Bitch. I clock her name tag. Cindy. We’ll be meeting. When you get off your shift.  

I get it. I glance up at Sean. He’s so handsome. How could Cindy not be totally into him? He leans forward a smidge, and smiles, showing his teeth and I can feel my heart flutter. He’s so tall and broad. Like Jon Hamm, but with kind eyes and a sweet smile. Like, not a massive asshole. I understand where Cindy Bitch Cashier is coming from, returning his lean-in and giggling as she hands the receipt to him, even though I fucking paid for the groceries.  Yeah, grocery receipts are hilarious.

I can’t be mad at Sean. He can’t help it. Women fawn over him wherever we go. Restaurants, offices, shops. It’s like they look up at him and lose their goddam minds. And don’t get me started on the dms on social media. Jesus fucking Christ.

The bots and east European shit, I can’t do much about. But Cindy Bitch Cashier, I will deal with. Just like I dealt with Helena, the dentist receptionist, who literally spilled her boobs out at him leaning over the desk- don’t they do dress codes in these offices?

I strangled her with one of the flashy thick gold chains she was wearing in the parking lot– so incredibly satisfying.

Men will cheat. It’s their nature. If women as sexy as Beyonce, as stylish as Kate Middleton, as smart as Hillary Clinton couldn’t keep their men from straying, what hope is there for me? I regularly check Sean’s phone and laptop, and for now, as far as I know, he has been faithful, but I know it’s only a matter of time.  

I glance up at him, his powerful hands on the steering wheel, and my heart swells with love. I have matured so much. Only a few months ago, I would have given him mad shit for the Cindy thing. “Marry her already why don’t you? You were basically fucking on grocery line.” Rage and hurt would cloud my mind and he’d respond by something inane like “you’re imagining it baby. I swear – I was just being polite!”

Then, scrolling though his phone one night, shaking at the increasingly hot messages Shania, his colleague had been sending him, “You were amazing at the meeting today! Pls remember to send your powerpoint tomorrow!” I had a two-fold epiphany- First, I realised “powerpoint” was a powerful metaphor for dick (I’m an Eng Lit major), and second my rage was actually misdirected. It’s all their fault. Theirs!

I killed Shania in a hit and run the next day.